# Reflection
Our first steps were to have a quick meeting with all team members. This was important as we were able to decide on Facebook Messenger as the primary mode of contact. On this platform, we were quickly able to coordinate our schedules, which was necessary to schedule a convenient time for an in-person meeting.

Our next steps were to delegate tasks during an in-person meeting. This step was particularly crucial for the progression of Iteration 1. The in-person meeting method was preferred due to ease of communication and we were quickly able to raise issues or dispute any roles. For example, after one member briefed the team on the function details, we were able to group similar tasks together and split it evenly across the team. One member was able to raise a concern on one of the functions being too similar to another task and was given to someone. Thus, during this meeting the team was able to efficiently delegate tasks depending on similarity and difficulty.

At the conclusion of the first meeting, all team members set and agreed on a common deadline for the first draft of writing pytests. A point was raised that, if there were any assumptions that might overlap with another member’s work, it should be quickly made noted to the team on the Facebook Messenger group. This action proved beneficial, as the task specifications were unclear in some areas but we were able to overcome this as a team.

Finally, leading up to the common deadline, all team members were able to prompt each other and give updates on their progress on the Facebook Messenger group. This was an excellent display of teamwork that we hope we will be able to bring forward for the rest of the project. Overall, leading up to the end of Iteration 1, our team worked hard and had strong communication throughout the team.

We could improve in the area of time management, so that we can have tasks completed a day before the final deadline, by creating more specific deadlines for finalising each component needed to be submitted for this iteration: Pytests, and the various documentation. This will be helpful in reducing stress and producing better code and documentation.